and just beauty in this video here
I'm going to teach you today.
concession is finding iron by and
Diamond
early in the new version of maine
craft beauty
so come on, the first thing you
They do not have to create a new world and will're
come here in advanced neither seeds you
put everyday monde sinte da ok eu
Creative love that just to show you
is at a time when your infinite
then it is us and it was created in a world of
good
well, it's going to be a day that
Go, things get you here, whatever.
thing that never leaves
You can not even pay for things.
there
the woods for you began to
to get down there under my things
here plant leg
Come on, it 's only you if you trust me, where everything is.
being
until you fall into a cave here
to listen to what is only applicable to
I came to this side here, quiet.
so here you will find gold that
gold does not find iron, I just hope
no longer looking for lava which also has
and the irons and enough iron have more
for here they were kicked to rule
stone blue stone or stones the price is
enchanting this thing of yours has everything
here it goes
I already said this be here in the video
Previous mine in the video has passed
More time but I just want the version
previous right
I wanted to just remember here for you.
which works good enough here
they stayed here
and here are the diamonds at 12 p1 mount
kintueni count to stamp a lot
Diamond people to pick you up
After that rest you will find it
although here a lot of rock zoccari
Stones you know how it is
It's so fucking good to charm things.
So when you 're picking up everything
those and the mother of this cave you here
See here a continuation of this down
until you find the second cave
I caught the diamond falls on the lips of
you'll have your care when
Do you have kawan because it might be that
fall
you're in a lava right?
So if you give me what you're going to
find enough of us
she hit her head only she did not come
Since comes time did not win what
it is
but here you will find a lot of
something is on this walk here you go
find out more diamonds
so this is just the only thing that was a tip
It's for you , the ones who want it.
I want to see the new minecraft stuff
in silval then the difficulty of finding
an item that you will find everything good
good night then this invitation and I hope
You liked it if you liked it
already know how to make the une and share with
friends subscribes to the channel if they
was written to receive these videos from
minecraft and tutorial videos between
other things for android is if you
have an android you're wasting time
and is not signing up
So it's our people, I hope that you
have liked and read yet though
I wanted to let you know that I'm doing it.
a series of that version is just that I
I 'm not paying the world how I did it
formerly because the body already resolved
and beauty
So this is it, he said.